[Music]
we always end up becoming close friends
with the strangers who join our
adventures so tonight we're on a mission
to find a spontaneous group of friends
would say yes skinny-dipping with us let
the search begin you ready to convince
people to come swim with us naked it's
pretty cool that's it what do you think
the chances are from 1 to 10 will
convince one person to come - what do
you think your chances are very very
slim you know why cuz the water's
freezing yeah it was just there the
waves are really big in choppy choppy
and the water is really cold would you
like to sleep in the water I would never
ask that couple no the ones sitting down
I'm waiting and waiting give me second
Jesus Christ I guess this is a sound
crazy actually her spontaneous argue
we want to go skinny-dipping with
strangers guys you guys when it comes
skinny-dipping with us yeah actually I
guess I was sarcastic so if you guys
wanna be the stranger no guys we're
trying to get a group of people to go
for a night swim you guys gonna come
with us you're good succeeding at this
so last night we tried to go out and get
people to skinny-dip with us but it
didn't exactly work to convince
strangers to go for a night swim with us
tonight we want to get a group of people
to come with us so we brought the dog
and our girlfriends is gonna say the
craziest request you've ever heard it's
gonna sound crazy
there's no suckers it just sound crazy
how about getting naked with us in the
water right now man I can't smell it
already I can't do this anymore guys at
this point everything felt hopeless but
we were not ready to give up the
following night for our final attempt
I'm calling it right now
[Music]
did we actually just convince like 40
people to go skinny-dipping with us on a
Friday night that's exactly what
happened
[Music]
I was celebrating I was awesome guys
thank you that was one of the best
nights of my whole entire life
hands down
[Applause]
Sonique